New pages: HTMLOptionElement properties (#35909)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmloptionelement/disabled/index.md

---
title: "HTMLOptionElement: disabled property"
short-title: disabled
slug: Web/API/HTMLOptionElement/disabled
page-type: web-api-instance-property
browser-compat: api.HTMLOptionElement.disabled
---

{{ APIRef("HTML DOM") }}

> The **`disabled`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLOptionElement")}} is a boolean value that represents the disabled state of the {{htmlelement("option")}} element. The property reflects the value of the [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/option#disabled) HTML attribute, which indicates that the option is unavailable to be selected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`disabled`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLOptionElement")}} is a boolean value that indicates whether the {{htmlelement("option")}} element is unavailable to be selected. The property reflects the value of the [`disabled`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/option#disabled) HTML attribute.
```
